Copyright 2009 Red Hat, Inc. and/or its affiliates.

This program is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify
it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by
the Free Software Foundation; either version 2 of the License, or (at
your option) any later version.

This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful, but
WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
MERCHANTABILITY, NONINFRINGEMENT or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.
See the GNU General Public License for more details.

You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License
along with this program; if not, write to the Free Software
Foundation, Inc., 51 Franklin Street, Fifth Floor, Boston, MA
02110-1301 USA.

In addition, as a special exception, Red Hat, Inc. and its affiliates
give you permission to distribute this program, or a work based on it,
linked or combined with the OpenSSL project's OpenSSL library (or a
modified version of that library) to the extent that the library, or
modified version, is covered by the terms of the OpenSSL or SSLeay
licenses.  Corresponding source code for the object code form of such
a combination shall include source code for the parts of OpenSSL
contained in the combination.

If you modify this program, you may extend this exception to your
version, but you are not obligated to do so.  If you do not wish to do
so, delete this exception statement from your version. 

The named copyright holder of the file vdsm/tunctl.c, Jeff Dike,
indicated his assent to permitting combinations of this code with
OpenSSL code covered by the OpenSSL and SSLeay licenses, in an e-mail
sent to Red Hat counsel Richard Fontana dated 29 Jan 2009. 

